Wrapping Up
Client-side attack vectors are
especially insidious
as they exploit weaknesses
in client software,
such as a browser, as opposed to
exploiting server software.
This often involves some form of user
interaction and deception
in order for the client software
to execute malicious code
These attack vectors are particularly
appealing for an attacker
because they do not require direct or
routable access to the victim's machine.
In this module, we described some
of the factors that are important
to consider in this type of attack
and walked through
exploitation scenarios
involving both malicious
HTML Applications
and Microsoft Word documents.